V .95Acer Nitro 5 laptop(Brave Browser) + iPad Air M4
Straight diagonal lines not possible.
Vanishing points in 2 point guide lines is fixed.
Only z-axis extrusion possible, so when using the 3D spaces push to create mass out of drawing the push command doesn&apos;t allow for a through cut.
Visual glitch in the color wheel where the color box is not centered.
Shape is not part of any layer and can’t erase a part of it.
The shape once placed can’t be moved or resized.
Stencil is fixed after placing can’t reshape or resize.
Stencils only allow for limited number of undo and redo. If 10 stencils are placed undo is limited to 6 and when i try to redo so i get all 6 back only 5 comeback.
“Ortho Snap” staying on top of layers tab cover the add image and add new layer button
In draw mode for PC users if using a graphic tablet there is no zoom option i have to either use track pad or press ctrl+scroll wheel to zoom.
When filling colors it doesn’t follow the line and the color spills onto the line.
When i open guide box i have to go back to the guide box selection and click again to close the guide box.
No options to replicate straight lines for PC users
Wall is not part of any layer 
No snapping option for walls to connect to each other
When layers are deleted there is no prompt asking if we are sure and deletes directly without an undo option
No symmetry tools are there 
In iPad there is no option to draw straight lines 
Stab doesn&apos;t function properly when using wall function in iPad
When the bar tool bar is moved to the top the color wheel doesn’t recognize the change in position and still opens towards the top hiding it underneath
When stab is at 0 there is an offset to where the drawing happens. 
If i use the lasso tool to select a drawing to move it there is no move option and if i press the cut command ctrl+v doesn’t paste the product.
The “x” on measurement doesn’t work, if i need to close it i have to choose the selection tool and then click on the points and then delete it


